Fix grammar in Readme and PR template (#82)
projectsyn/commodore-component-template: {{ cookiecutter.slug }}/README.md

This is a [Commodore][commodore] Component for {{ cookiecutter.name }}.

This repository is part of Project Syn.
For documentation on Project Syn and this component, see [syn.tools](https://syn.tools).

## Documentation

The rendered documentation for this component is available on the [Commodore Components Hub](https://hub.syn.tools/{{ cookiecutter.slug }}).

Documentation for this component is written using [Asciidoc][asciidoc] and [Antora][antora].
It can be found in the [`docs`](docs) folder.

> The [Divio documentation structure](https://documentation.divio.com/) organizes its content.

Reviewer: IMO this change makes the sentence even more awkward

I'd reword this as something like

```suggestion
We use the [Divio documentation structure](https://documentation.divio.com/) to organize our documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, that does sounds a bit better. 🙃
